---
date: 2019-01-01
---
<ul>
  <li>19-Dec-2019 - ​Xiaolin Wang attended the 2019 IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management (IEEM) during 15 - 18 Dec 2019, at Macau, China. He was a student helper of this conference, without presentation.</li>
  <li>12-Dec-2019 - ​Xiaolin Wang visited the Univ. Grenoble Alpes - Laboratoire Jean Kuntzmann, ​during 11 Nov-10 Dec and worked with Prof. Olivier Gaudoin's group on “Multivariate degradation modeling for system reliability”.</li>
  <li>11-Sep-2019 - ​The paper "An unpunctual preventive maintenance policy under two-dimensional warranty" by Xiaolin Wang, Lishuai Li, and Min Xie has been accepted for publication by the <i>European Journal of Operational Research</i>.</li>
  <li>23-Aug-2019 - Xiaolin Wang received the <i>Outstanding Academic Performance Award</i> and <i>Research Tuition Scholarship</i> once again!</li>
  <li>19-Jul-2019 - ​The paper "On dynamically monitoring aggregate warranty claims for early detection of reliability problems" by Chenglong Li, Xiaolin Wang, Lishuai Li, Min Xie, and Xin Wang has been accepted for publication by the <i>IISE Transactions</i>. </li>
  <li>07-Jul-2019 - ​The paper "Cost analysis of a piece-wise renewing free replacement warranty policy" by Xiaolin Wang, Kangzhe He, Zhen He, Lishuai Li, and Min Xie has been accepted for publication by the <i>Computers & Industrial Engineering</i>.</li>
  <li>06-Jun-2019 - ​Xiaolin Wang attended the 11th International Conference on Mathematical Methods in Reliability during 3-7 Jun 2019, at City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, and presented the paper "Imperfect Preventive Maintenance Models with Unpunctual Execution".</li>
  <li>29-Apr-2019 - ​Xiaolin Wang visited the Institute for Manufacturing (IfM), University of Cambridge, ​during 25-30 April and gave the following talk “An unpunctual preventive maintenance policy under two-dimensional warranty”.</li>
  <li>20-Apr-2019 - ​Xiaolin Wang attended the Seventh International Research Conference on Systems Engineering and Management Science (IRC-SEMS2019) during 19-20 April, in Nanjing, and presented the paper "IoT-enabled innovations in product warranty management" by Xiaolin Wang and Min Xie. </li>
  <li>18-Apr-2019 - ​Xiaolin Wang visited School of Mechanical Engineering, Southeast University ​in 18 April and gave the talk “Engineering and Operations Decision-Makings Based on Aggregate Warranty Claims Modeling”.</li>
  <li>06-Jan-2019 - ​Xiaolin Wang attended the 10th POMS-HK international conference during 5-6 Jan 2019, at City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, and presented the paper "On the benefits of reserve pooling over the warranty life cycle". This paper has been selected as one of the <font color="#FF0000">Best Student Paper Finalists.</li>
<ul>
