---
date: 2022-01-01
---
<ul>
  <li><b>18-Dec-2022</b> - Liangliang Zhuang (my former research assistant) attended the The 4th International Conference on System Reliability and Safety Engineering (online) during 15 - 18 Dec 2022, and presented the paper "A prognostic driven predictive maintenance framework based on Bayesian deep learning" by Liangliang Zhuang, Ancha Xu, and Xiao-Lin Wang. ​The paper has received the <i>Best Student Paper Award</i>.</li>
  <li><b>13-Nov-2022</b> - Liangliang Zhuang attended the The 6th Doctoral Forum on Statistics (online) during 12 - 13 Nov 2022, and presented the paper "A prognostic driven predictive maintenance framework based on Bayesian deep learning" by Liangliang Zhuang, Ancha Xu, and Xiao-Lin Wang. ​The paper has received the <i>Best Student Paper Award</i> (the second place).</li>
  <li><b>11 Nov 2022</b> - Xiao-Lin Wang organized the 5th Young Scholars Workshop sponsored by the ORSC Reliability Branch (Theme: <p id="demo">Maintenance and Resilience of Complex Systems</p>), with four outstanding presentations: 
    <ul>
      <li>"Availability and Resilience Modelling under Dependent Recurrent Hazards" by Dr. Yao Cheng from the University of Hong Kong,</li>
      <li>"Optimal Inspection Policy under Imperfect Predictions: Structural Analysis and Insights" by Dr. Guanlian Xiao from Cape Breton University,</li>
      <li>"Reinforcement Learning in Engineering Management: Structural Properties and Feasible Solutions" by Dr. Jianyu Xu from XJTU-Liverpool University,</li>
      <li>"Performance Testing and Maintenance Decisions for Safety-Instrumented Systems" by Dr. Aibo Zhang from City University of Hong Kong.</li>
    </ul>
    </li>
  <li><b>01-Nov-2022</b> - The paper "Imperfect maintenance policies for warranted products under stochastic performance degradation" authored by Xiujie Zhao, Bin Liu, Jianyu Xu, and Xiao-Lin Wang has been accepted for publication by <i>European Journal of Operational Research</i>.</li>
  <li><b>08-Sep-2022</b> - Xiaolin Wang's research has been funded by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under the Young Scientists Fund Program.</li>
  <li><b>29-Jul-2022</b> - Xiaolin Wang's research has been funded by the Ministry of Education of China under the Humanities and Social Sciences Youth Foundation.</li>
  <li><b>26-Jul-2022</b> - Xiaolin Wang has joined the Business School, Sichuan University, as an <font color="#FF0000">associate professor</font> (research track).</li>
  <li><b>13-Jul-2022</b> - The paper "A new cost-sharing preventive maintenance program under two-dimensional warranty" authored by Shizhe Peng, Wei Jiang, Lai Wei, and Xiao-Lin Wang has been accepted for publication by <i>International Journal of Production Economics</i>.</li>
  <li><b>26-May-2022</b> - The paper "Design and pricing of usage-driven customized two-dimensional extended warranty menus" authored by Xiao-Lin Wang has been accepted for publication by <i>IISE Transactions</i>.</li>
  <li><b>09-Jan-2022</b> - Xiaolin Wang presented the paper "Simultaneous or sequential? Retail strategies of a new product and an extended warranty" at the 12th POMS-HK International Conference, 8-9 Jan, 2022. The conference was originally scheduled to be held in Lingnan University, HK SAR, but was changed to an online event at the last minute due to a new wave of Omicron version of COVID-19 pandemic.</li>
<ul>
