---
date: 2023-01-01
---
<ul>
  <li><b>24-Nov-2023</b> - The paper "Online reinforcement learning for condition-based group maintenance using factored Markov decision processes" authored by Jianyu Xu, Bin Liu, Xiujie Zhao and Xiao-Lin Wang has been accepted for publication by <i>European Journal of Operational Research</i>.</li>
  <li><b>24-Oct-2023</b> - Xiao-Lin Wang's research has been funded by the <font color="#FF0000">National Natural Science Foundation of China under the Excellent Young Scientists Fund Program (Overseas)</font>.</li>
  <li><b>20-Oct-2023</b> - Xiao-Lin Wang gave a talk titled "Design and Pricing of Extended Warranty Menus Based on Discrete Choice Models", at the College of Management and Economics, Tianjin University (Invited by Assoc. Prof. Xiujie Zhao).</li>
  <li><b>21-Aug-2023</b> - Xiao-Lin Wang gave a talk titled "After-Sales Operations Decision Makings Based on Aggregate Warranty Claims Modelling", at the Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences (Invited by Prof. Qingpei Hu).</li>
  <li><b>29-Jun-2023</b> - Xiao-Lin Wang gave a talk titled "Warranty Reserve Management: Demand Learning and Funds Pooling", at the School of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (Invited by Prof. Yu Liu).</li>
  <li><b>24-May-2023</b> - Xiao-Lin Wang delivered an online webinar titled "Warranty Reserve Management: Demand Learning and Funds Pooling", at the School of Management Science and Engineering, Dongbei University of Finance and Economics (Invited by Assoc. Prof. Qianru Ge).</li>
  <li><b>15-Apr-2023</b> - The paper "Monitoring Aggregate Warranty Claims with Dynamically Designed CUSUM and EWMA Charts" authored by Chenglong Li, Junjie Wang, and Xiao-Lin Wang has been accepted for publication by <i>International Journal of Production Research</i>.</li>
  <li><b>17-Feb-2023</b> - The paper "A prognostic driven predictive maintenance framework based on Bayesian deep learning" authored by Liangliang Zhuang, Ancha Xu, and Xiao-Lin Wang has been accepted for publication by <i>Reliability Engineering & System Safety</i>.</li>
<ul>
