---
date: 2024-01-01
---
<ul>
  <li><b>24-Nov-2024</b> - Dr. Xiao-Lin Wang attended the Annual Conference of the Chinese Industrial Engineering Institute of CMES held in Zhuhai, China, during 22-24 November 2024, and delivered an invited talk entitled "Design and Pricing of Extended Warranty Menus with Reference Effects".</li>
  <li><b>26-Oct-2024</b> - Dr. Xiao-Lin Wang organized a Young Scholars Workshop on Quality and Reliability, with the following 7 outstanding presentations:
  <ul>
    <li>"Machine Learning Driven Quality Management" by Assoc. Prof. Xiaowei Yue from Tsinghua University,</li>
    <li>"Modeling and Monitoring for Profile Data in Advanced Manufacturing" by Assoc. Prof. Chen Zhang from Tsinghua University,</li>
    <li>"On Statistical Monitoring of Censored Lifetime Data and Two Special Signaling Phenomena" by Assoc. Prof. Chenglong Li from Northwest Polytechnic University,</li>
    <li>"Physics-Informed Health Status Assessment of Control Rod Drive Mechanisms in Nuclear Reactors" by Assoc. Prof. Tangfan Xiahou from University of Electronic Science and Technology,</li>
    <li>"移动时空窗口约束下多状态复杂系统的性能评估与优化——面向序贯任务需求" by Assoc. Prof. Wei Wang from Xi'an Jiaotong University,</li>
    <li>"Performance-based Contract Design and Reliability Optimization for Multicomponent Complex Systems" by Assoc. Prof. Qianru Ge from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics,</li>
    <li>"Data Integrated Maintenance Decision Making: Advances, Challenges, and Opportunities" by Assoc. Prof. Xiao-Lin Wang himself.</li>
  </ul></li>
  <li><b>30-Jul-2024</b> - Dr. Xiao-Lin Wang attended The 12th Quality & Reliability Science and Technology Symposium organized by Peking University in Beijing, China, during 26-29 Jul 2024, and served as one of the examiners for the Doctoral Workshop.</li>
  <li><b>08-Jun-2024</b> - Dr. Xiao-Lin Wang visited Xi'an during 6-7 June 2024, and gave a talk entitled "Design and Pricing of Extended Warranty Menus Based on Discrete Choice Models" at the following two institutes:
  <ul>
    <li><b>7 June</b> - School of Management, Northwest Polytechnic University (invited by Assoc. Prof. Chenglong Li).</li>
    <li><b>6 June</b> - School of Management, Xi'an Jiaotong University (invited by Prof. Chao Fang).</li>
  </ul></li>
  <li><b>27-Apr-2024</b> - The paper "Simultaneous or sequential? Retail strategy of a durable product and an extended warranty" authored by Xiao-Lin Wang, Qiuzhuang Sun, and Jianyu Xu has been accepted for publication by <i>IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management</i>.</li>
  <li><b>22-Apr-2024</b> - Dr. Xiaoge Zhang and Dr. Jianyu Xu visited our Business School and gave the following talks, respectively:
  <ul>
    <li>"Enhancing the Performance of Neural Networks Through Causal Discovery and Integration of Domain Knowledge" by Dr. Xiaoge Zhang from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University,</li>
    <li>"Non-stochastic Uncertainty in Online Maintenance for Multi-component Systems: A Contextual Combinatorial Bandit Approach" by Dr. Jianyu Xu from Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University.</li>
  </ul></li>
  <li><b>20-Apr-2024</b> - Dr. Xiao-Lin Wang attended the Annual Conference of the Reliability Branch of the Operations Research Society of China (ORSC) held in Chengdu, China, during 20-21 April 2024, and delivered an invited talk entitled "Design and Pricing of Extended Warranty Menus Based on Discrete Choice Models".</li>
<ul>
